1. What are the various elements of the Excel interface? Describe how
they're used.
2. Write down the various applications of Excel in the industry.
3. On the ribbon, make a new tab. Add some different groups, insert
commands in the groups and name them according to their commands
added. Copy and paste the screenshot of the steps you followed.
4. Make a list of different shortcut keys that are only connected to
formatting with their functions.
5. What distinguishes Excel from other analytical tools?
6. Create a table and add a custom header and footer to your table.




1.What are the various elements of the Excel interface? Describe how
they're used.
Formula Bar	:View, enter, or edit cell contents
Insert Function :Button	Displays Insert Function dialog box
Scroll Bars	:Used to navigate up, down, left & right
Zoom Slider	:Zoom into an area of the worksheet



2.Write down the various applications of Excel in the industry.
Businesses use Excel for budgeting, analysis, forecasting, spotting trends, reporting, and more.

3.On the ribbon, make a new tab. Add some different groups, insert
commands in the groups and name them according to their commands
added. Copy and paste the screenshot of the steps you followed.

Go to File > Options > Customize Ribbon.
Right-click on the ribbon and select Customize the Ribbon… from the context menu:
In the Customize the Ribbon window, under the list of tabs, click the New Tab button.
Select the newly created tab, named New Tab (Custom), and click the Rename… button to give your tab an appropriate name.
When done, click OK to save the changes.



4.Make a list of different shortcut keys that are only connected to
formatting with their functions.
Bold text or remove bold formatting.	 Ctrl+B
Apply or remove strikethrough formatting:Ctrl+5
Open the Insert hyperlink dialog box.    Ctrl+K
Select the entire worksheet.             Ctrl+A 



5.What distinguishes Excel from other analytical tools?
 Excel allows you to clean and explore data, as well as add advanced data analytics capabilities,
 through data analysis tools like Power Query, Auto Filter, Power Pivot and Power Maps


6. Create a table and add a custom header and footer to your table.
On the Insert tab, in the Text group, click Header & Footer. Excel displays the Page Setup dialog box. 
Click Custom Header or Custom Footer. 
Use the buttons in the Header or Footer dialog box to insert specific header and footer elements.









