1.What does the dollar($) sign do?
2. How to Change the Reference from Relative to Absolute (or Mixed)?
3. Explain the order of operations in excel?
4. What, according to you, are the top 5 functions in excel and write a basic syntax
for any of two?
5. When would you use the subtotal function?
6. What is the syntax of the vlookup function? Explain the terms in it?




1.What does the dollar($) sign do?


In an absolute reference, each part of the reference (the letter that refers to the row and the number that refers to the column) 
is preceded by a “$” – for example, $A$1 is an absolute reference to cell A1. 
Wherever the formula is copied or moved, it always refers to cell A1.

2. How to Change the Reference from Relative to Absolute (or Mixed)?

Select the cell that contains the formula.
In the formula bar. , select the reference that you want to change.
Press F4 to switch between the reference types.


3.Explain the order of operations in excel?

In general, Excel's order of operation follows the PEMDAS (Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication, Division, Addition, Subtraction) 


4. What, according to you, are the top 5 functions in excel and write a basic syntax
for any of two?

The most frequently used functions in Excel are:
AutoSum
vlookup
max
min
count
average
median
mode

max(cell number) ## which contains value
min(cell number ## which contain value



5.
SUBTOTALS help us to get the totals of several columns of data broken down into various categories. 
For example, let's consider garment products of different sizes manufactured. 
The SUBTOTAL function will help you to get a count of different sizes in your warehouse.


6.What is the syntax of the vlookup function? Explain the terms in it?

The LOOKUP function  form syntax has the following arguments: 
lookup_value Required. A value that LOOKUP searches for in the first vector. 
Lookup_value can be a number, text, a logical value, or a name or reference that refers to a value.







